Update guides to match new UX (#44)
wso2/docs-bi: en/docs/learn/message-transformation.md

### Step 4: Add the transformation logic
1. Click on the `toXml` resource to navigate to the resource implementation designer view.
2. Hover to the arrow after start and click the ➕ button to add a new action to the resource.
3. Select **`Function Call`** from the node panel.

> 4. Search for `fromJson` and select the `fromJson` function from the suggestions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Search for `json to xml` and select the `fromJson` function from the suggestions.
```

5. Change the **`Variable Name`** to `xmlData`, **`Variable Type`** as `xml` and **`JsonValue`** to `input`.
6. Click on the **`Save`** button to add the function call to the resource.
   <a href="{{base_path}}/assets/img/message-transformation/add-variable.png"><img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/message-transformation/add-variable.png"" alt="Add variable" width="70%"></a>

> 7. Click on ➕ button after the `fromJson` function call and select **`Return`** from the node panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Add a new node after the `fromJson` function call and select **`Return`** from the node panel.
```

8. Select the `xmlData` variable from the dropdown and click **`Save`**.

!!! info "JSON to XML Conversion"
    To learn more about json to xml conversion, see [Ballerina JSON to XML conversion](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/xml-from-json-conversion/).

### Step 5: Run the integration

> 1. Click on the **`Run`** on the run button in the top right corner to run the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the **`Run`** button in the top-right corner to run the integration.
```

2. The integration will start and the service will be available at `http://localhost:9090/convert`.

> 3. Click on the **`Try it`** button to open the embedded HTTP client.

Reviewer: can we be more specific in here? we can suggest to use the below auto popup after the running integration

![Uploading Screenshot 2025-03-14 at 09.17.49.png…]()

Author: Will update with another PR with screenshots

4. Enter the JSON payload in the request body and click on the ▶️ button to send the request.
    ```json
    {
        "name": "John",
        "age": 30,
        "car": "Honda"
    }
    ```
5. The response will be an XML representation of the JSON payload.  
   ```xml
    <root>
        <name>John</name>
        <age>30</age>
        <car>Honda</car>
    </root>
    ```

> 6. Additionally the service can be tested using a tool like [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) or [curl](https://curl.se/) by sending a POST request with a JSON payload to the service endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Additionally the service can be tested using tools like [Postman](https://www.postman.com/) or [curl](https://curl.se/) by sending a POST request with a JSON payload to the service endpoint.
```
